He really doesn't remember me
But can I be honest?
Will he just kick me out?
No, not yet.
Tang Lu Cuiyan hasn't been here all day today, I've been staring at it all day
It can't be wrong.
As you expected
They were really at odds with each other.
And I thought it was really sick
It won't fit soon.
We can talk about this anytime
Otherwise
Let's get down to business first
Good boy, play golden cicada escape with me
I'll pick you up later.
Well, thank you for your hard work, then you come in with me first.
Wait a minute
Look at me later
Okay
OK
Sister Mei, I came to see you
How are you? Are you feeling better?
Much better. Thank you, Mr. Tang
Xiao Zhang went to pour an apple for Sister Mei
Yeah, OK.
Sister Mei, if you need anything recently, just ask
I can help you too
Don't be embarrassed.
We are all grasshoppers on the same rope now
Win or lose doesn't matter
The important thing for us is to take good care of our bodies first
So don't worry.
Just stay here for a while
Wait until your body is well
I feel like I'm better
It doesn't count if you say it's better
Then the doctor has to say that it is better to count.
Today, Mr. Cui took your medical records to my law firm
I saw it and I really felt guilty
It's really my fault
He took my Bentley Dan, right?
He didn't tell you?
That's why he's not right.
What happened to Lawyer Tang?